[[AdvancedFormat]]

[[Question:Matrix]]
[[ID:TSRS]]
For the following questions, please think of the story you just read.

Read each of the following statements and decide how much you agree with each.
[[Choices]]
I had a hard time making sense of what was going on in the story.
I had a hard time recognizing the thread of the story.
The story appeared to be a single plot.
The plot of the story was plausible.
This story’s events occured in a plausible order
The story felt like a coherent story.
The story felt like it contained a bunch of jumbled topics.
The story stayed on topic with a consistent plot.
The story felt like a series of disconnected sentences.
The story taken as a whole had a clearly indentifiable plot.
The story had a clear theme.
The story lacked logic.
Descriptions of characters in the story were consistent.
Characters in the story were described in a contradicting manner.
My understanding of the characters in the story is unclear.
The way the characters were described was inconsistent.
The descriptions of characters in the story was plausible.
The behavior of characters in the story seemed completly random.
How characters in the story acted seemed inplausible.
It was easy to undestand the motivation of the characters in the story.
The story felt dynamic.
The story was boring.
The plot development in the story was predictable.
The story was creative.
The story was imaginative.
It was surprising how things turned out in the story.
There were interesting twists and turns in the story.
I was intrigued by the plot.
The setting of the story was original.
The story was unconventional.
The plot was typical for this kind of story.
The story was innovative.
(is likely to have too many cross-loadings, but are used often enough that is worth giving these a try)
This story was enjoyable.
This story is of high quality.
The story was fun to read.
The story made me want to keep reading.
The story felt vivid.
I liked this story.
I would like to read more stories like this one.
The story was well-written.
The writing style was entertaining.
This story avoided repetition.
Many sentences in the story had frequently repeated words and phrases.
The story was very repetitive.
In the story, the same things happened again and again.
The writing seemed to use the same words over and over.
Characters repeated their actions with little variation.
The plot had no development.
One character did something he or she had already done previously in this story.
Characters said or did the same thing many times over.
Characters repeated what other characters had said to them.
Particular words were used too often in the story.
There were similar events that occurred repeatedly in the story.
This story used interesting language.
The story had sentences that were unreadable
The text contained a broad vocabulary.
The story used complex vocabulary.
The wording of this text was very precise.
The text was easy to understand.
The writing style was too complicated to be understood easily.
The story contained a great deal of detail.
The writing style of the story was very good.
The author's choice of words was elegant
The story had no obvious grammatical mistakes.
The story moved at a fast pace.
The story was exciting to read.
It took a long time for things to happen in the story.
The story dragged on and on.
Nothing seemed to be happening in the story.
There was plenty of action in the story.
Many things seemed to be happening at once in the story.
All elements of the story were relevant to the plot.
There's nothing superfluous or unnecessary in this story.
While I was reading the story, I could easily picture the events in it taking place.
I was mentally involved in the story while reading it.
After the story ended, I found it easy to put it out of my mind.
I wanted to learn how the story ended.
I found myself thinking of ways the story could have turned out differently.
I found my mind wandering while reading the story.
I had a hard time keeping my mind on the story.
While reading the story, my mind was inside the world created by it.
The story created a new world, and then that world suddenly disappeared when I finished reading the story.
At times during the story, the story world was closer to me than the real world.
[[AdvancedAnswers]]
[[Answer]]
Disagree
[[Answer]]
&nbsp;
[[Answer]]
Neutral
[[Answer]]
&nbsp;
[[Answer]]
Agree