Excerpt 2 (High Fantasy)

The sun was high in the sky when they arrived at their destination. The valley of the River Tethys flowed into a wide, shallow lake surrounded by mountains on all sides. A small village sat along its shores with two towers standing guard over it from either side like sentinels. It looked to be deserted but for some smoke rising up out of chimneys and the occasional bird flying overhead or flitting through trees.
"This is where we'll be staying," said Ayla.
"I see it," said Ithamar. "It looks like a nice place."
"You've never been to the Vale before?" asked Ithamar.
"No, but I've heard of it," said Ayla. "There's a great many fables about it."
"I think I know why," said Ithamar, looking at the village. "It looks very much like the Vale of the Silver Birch."
"Exactly," said Ayla. "But I'm certain it's not the same." She looked around at the empty village and her expression changed. "There's no one here."
"There's no one here," said Ithamar. "You're right, Ayla. It isn't the Vale of the Silver Birch."
"It does look similar," said Ayla, "but it doesn't feel the same." She paused and then she smiled. "It feels like home."
"Then this is where we are going to stay," said Ithamar.
Ayla nodded and smiled as she started down the road that led down to the lake. The two young people followed behind her and before they reached the lake they saw a large stone building sitting near its shore. They approached it cautiously and when they reached the door they could see that it was closed and locked.
"Halt!" shouted a voice from within.
Ithamar and Ayla stopped in their tracks and turned around to face the door of the building. The voice was coming from within and they stood there for a moment before looking at each other for guidance.
"It's probably just a traveler who doesn't know which way to go," said Ithamar. He smiled at Ayla as he started toward the door, but she took his arm and stopped him. She looked at him with concern in her eyes and he understood how she felt. He had been inside a strange place once before and he remembered how he felt when he had been there.
"I'm sorry for this," she said, looking at him with tears in her eyes, "but I don't want to go inside."
Ithamar squeezed her hand and then took her hand in his as he followed her back to a spot on the road where they could talk in peace. He knew she meant well but he realized that she was terrified of being inside the building. He didn't blame her for it. It was exactly how he had felt when he was there. He felt a lump in his throat at the thought of entering the building and going back into that place that had once been his home. The lump in his throat grew larger when he remembered that he had left his parents there and that they might be dead by now.
He looked at Ayla with concern in his eyes as he asked her, "Are you all right?"
Ayla nodded and said, "Yes, I'm fine." She looked away from him as if embarrassed by her reaction.
"What's wrong?" asked Ithamar.
Ayla closed her eyes and said, "I don't know how to explain it, but it's like a part of me knows that this place is where I belong." She looked back at him as she continued, "Not that I want to go inside," she added hastily, "but it feels like I'm supposed to be here."
Ithamar looked at her and could see that she was genuinely scared of going into the building so he took her hand again and led her forward to where the door was standing open. He pulled her inside and shut the door behind them before looking at her with concern in his eyes. She looked at him with a worried expression on her face as she said, "It's okay, I can take it from here."
"Are you sure?" asked Ithamar.
Ayla nodded and then turned around to look at him as he said, "I want you to stay here with me while we go into the building." He saw a look of fear on her face as she nodded again so he put his hand on her shoulder and said, "Don't worry; this is for your own safety." He smiled as he added, "If things get too bad, you can always run out the door," he said, pointing toward the open doorway at the far end of the room.
Ayla nodded but she didn't say anything else as they walked down the long corridor that led away from the entrance hall. It was clear to Ithamar that they were headed toward what he thought might be a dining hall for travelers who had come to stay at the Vale for a while. The walls were covered with paintings that depicted scenes from different parts of Orëska history, but as they passed a painting of warriors fighting against giants in what looked like a forest, Ayla began to look around nervously while clutching his hand so tightly that her nails dug into his palm like razors.
A few moments later they reached another door and Ayla stopped walking as she asked, "What's wrong?" She looked up at Ithamar with concern in her eyes as she added, "They're coming!"
"Who?" asked Ithamar in alarm as he saw what looked like soldiers approaching through an open doorway just ahead of them.
"They're coming! They're coming!" repeated Ayla hysterically as she tried to get away from him but he pulled her back against him so that she was forced to walk beside him instead of turning around to run away. She looked at him with a frightened expression on her face as she demanded, "What are they?"
"I don't know," said Ithamar, trying not to look back at them until he heard them speaking Orëska Aramaic which told him that they were soldiers of some kind. He thought about trying to kill them if things got really bad but didn't see any other option if this was going to work so he just tightened his grip on Ayla's hand and followed behind them while keeping an eye on them in case they decided to attack them from behind or turn around suddenly while they were still looking forward or ahead of them. They walked down another corridor for several minutes before reaching yet another door which stood open for them to walk through into a large room filled with tables and chairs where several people were sitting around eating their meals while talking among themselves or watching an old man who sat in a chair in front of them playing a harp that he held between his knees while singing an old song about someone who had died a long time ago. The song made Ayla look away from Ithamar as if she were ashamed for listening to it while walking through this room full of people who were eating and talking together so that she couldn't help hearing what they were saying about her and about what had happened to them both in their lives before they had met each other only a few days ago on the road leading into this valley.
After they left the dining hall through yet another open doorway, they were walking down another corridor when Ayla stopped walking again because she could hear voices coming from behind them coming from another room ahead of them which held several people sitting around several tables talking among themselves while eating their meals or watching two young women who were talking while walking toward them down another corridor while holding hands with one another in front of them.