Excerpt 1 (Hard Sci-Fi)

"I have a message for you from the president," said Dr. Sato, handing over an envelope to me. "He's asking that we meet with him at his office this afternoon." I took it and thanked her before walking out of my apartment building into the bright sun. It was already noon on Mars—the longest day in the year here on the planet.
This meeting would be my final meeting with the president.
As the president's personal physician, I was in charge of his health and well-being. That meant I was in charge of his medical care, which was good, since I'd been the one to get him into this mess to begin with.
I walked down the main street, past the shops and restaurants. It was a beautiful day, and people were out and about enjoying it. The sun was shining, the temperature was warm, and I could hear music from a nearby restaurant that I recognized as a favorite of mine.
I turned onto another street and headed toward the presidential palace. People were out walking or biking along the street, and everyone was smiling. I think that's what I liked most about Mars—the people. It wasn't like Earth, with all of its problems and fighting. Everything was so calm here, everyone getting along and having fun.
I passed another restaurant and remembered that I had yet to have lunch. I could smell the food from here, and I could see people sitting outside, enjoying the fresh air and their meals. Before stopping in, I glanced at my watch to see how much time I had before I needed to meet with the president.
"Good morning, Dr. Bambakias," a voice said as I entered the restaurant.
I turned around to see a young man who looked familiar standing behind me. He smiled as he held out his hand to me. "Good morning."
"Good morning," I said, shaking his hand. "You're not Dr. Sato?"
"No, she's still in her office," he said as he led me to a table in the back of the restaurant.
"Is she expecting me?" I asked as we sat down.
"She said it was important." He smiled at me as he took a menu from a nearby table and handed it to me. "I've already ordered for you."
"Thank you," I said, looking over the menu. There were so many things to choose from—I wasn't sure what to order.
He put his hand on my arm and smiled at me once again before leaving me alone at the table.
I looked around the restaurant once again before looking at my watch again. I had a little over an hour before I needed to be back at the palace for my meeting with President Tarkanov.
After taking my time looking over the menu for a bit longer, I decided what I wanted and sat back in my chair and waited for my meal to arrive. The sun was shining through the window in front of me, and the warm breeze was blowing through the open patio door across from me. It felt good to be sitting in such a beautiful place after all of the stress lately.
I looked up when I heard a loud noise coming from outside—it sounded like an explosion. The windows rattled, and dust fell from all around—it must have been an airship that had come down somewhere nearby, but there was no way of knowing where it had happened or any information about it at all.
Several people in the restaurant began looking out at the windows as well, but nobody said anything as they continued to eat their meals and enjoy their time off from work. It was all very odd. They were all so calm about it—as if they'd seen this kind of thing happen before.
I looked back at my watch when I felt someone come up behind me and put her hand on my shoulder. "Are you okay?" she asked as she leaned over so she could whisper in my ear. "You look a little pale."
"I'm fine," I said quietly as I stood up and turned around to face her—it was Dr. Sato, of course. "What's going on?"
"That was an airship that crashed," she said calmly as she looked out toward the window where she'd seen it fall from. "I don't know if anyone has been hurt."
"Is there anyone injured?" I asked as I looked out toward where she was staring at the crash site. "Does anyone know?"
She turned back toward me and shook her head before turning toward another woman who had come up behind her—a woman who looked very much like her, except this one had short brown hair instead of long black hair with silver streaks in it like Dr. Sato did. "The president just called me," she said quietly so only we could hear her now that we were standing next to each other. "He asked that you meet with him here right away."
"Okay," I said as she took my arm and began leading me toward where we knew President Tarkanov's office was located inside the palace grounds. "How long have you two known each other?"
She smiled at me as we walked along next to each other. "We've been colleagues for many years."
"How long have you two known each other?"
"Our whole lives," she said quietly before pausing in front of a door leading inside the palace grounds that had been left open for us so we could enter without bothering anyone else inside—the president must have known they were coming, or maybe he wanted them to come into his office that way so he could speak with them more privately without having to worry about any other staff members overhearing him speak with them about this particular matter right away.
We stepped inside his office and found him sitting behind his desk waiting for us with his hands folded on top of it while he waited for us to sit down before speaking with us about what had happened just moments ago outside in front of his office window. "Dr., Bambakias," he said quietly as he sat down behind his desk, "we need to talk about what happened outside just now."
"President Tarkanov," I said quietly as I took a deep breath before speaking again, "what happened just now?"
"An airship went down right outside of here," he said as he looked across his desk at us while he spoke quietly so only we could hear him now that we were inside his office with him. "It looks like it crashed into another airship that was coming in for landing."
"That's crazy," I said as I shook my head in disbelief—an airship falling from the sky like it had? How can that even happen? An airship couldn't possibly fall from the sky! It's impossible! This is happening right now? In front of us right now? What is going on?
The president nodded his head in agreement with my disbelief before looking back down at his hands on top of his desk as he spoke again quietly so only we could hear him now that we were inside his office with him now. "There is no way this is happening right now," he said quietly as he looked at us while he spoke softly now that we were inside his office with him now—just like he'd told us to do once we reached his office door so we could speak privately with him about what had just happened outside just minutes ago when one of his airships fell from the sky like it had been flying through space instead of in Earth's atmosphere—just like it had been flying through space instead of in Earth's atmosphere when it crashed into another airship that landed nearby minutes later…just like it had been flying through space instead of in Earth's atmosphere when one of his airships fell from the sky…just like it had been flying through space instead of in Earth's atmosphere when one of his airships fell from the sky…just like it had been flying through space instead of in Earth's atmosphere when one of his airships...just like it had been flying through space instead of in Earth's atmosphere when one of...
